The first thing to acknowledge about diversity is that it can be difficult. In the U.S., where the dialogue of inclusion is relatively advanced, even the mention of the word “diversity” can lead to anxiety and conflict.  Corporations spend billions of dollars to attract and manage diversity both internally and externally, yet they still face discrimination lawsuits, and the leadership ranks of the business world remain predominantly white and male.
It is reasonable to ask what good diversity does us. Diversity of expertise confers benefits that are obvious—you would not think of building a new car without engineers, designers and quality-control experts—but what about social diversity? What good comes from diversity of race, ethnicity, gender and sexual orientation? Research has shown that social diversity in a group can cause discomfort, rougher interactions, a lack of trust, greater perceived interpersonal conflict, lower communication, less cohesion, more concern about disrespect, and other problems. So what is the upside?
The reality is that if we want to build teams or organizations capable of innovating, we need diversity. Diversity enhances creativity. It encourages the search for novel information and perspectives, leading to better decision making and problem solving. Diversity can improve the bottom line of companies and lead to unfettered discoveries and breakthrough innovations. Even simply being exposed to diversity can change the way we think.

Since a young age, I had a great interest in technology and computers. I was in my second year at High School, and I had access to our school’s IT labs. Almost every single day after school I would make my way to an IT lab and explore the Internet.
Being a video game fanatic, I’d always be visiting and hanging around video game websites and online communities. At this point, it hadn’t crossed my mind that you could build this stuff. It wasn’t until I saw a few of my friends begin the process of learning how to build them that I was immediately compelled to do some similar work on the computer. Since then I was always passioned about programming and its implementation in real life. The first time when I heard about the free tuition Coding School 42 in Fremont I did my best to pass all the admission tests so I can get accepted. This is how I got into the world of codes and technology. 

Since I started my coding life in school 42 I have developed a great interest for algorithms. Its really challenging for me to understand their implementation for solving multiple complex problem that can lead to some automatization processes in real life. I have saved all my projects on my github and I would really appreciate your time to evaluate them - https://github.com/slogos